I’m working on a sweet potato farm.
He walked into the basement with the horror movie from the night before playing in his head.
We will not allow you to bring your pet armadillo along.
The busker hoped that the people passing by would throw money, but they threw tomatoes instead, so he exchanged his hat for a juicer.
The mysterious diary records the voice.
Iron pyrite is the most foolish of all minerals.
His ultimate dream fantasy consisted of being content and sleeping eight hours in a row.
She felt that chill that makes the hairs on the back of your neck when he walked into the room.
The book is in front of the table.
He liked to play with words in the bathtub.
She could hear him in the shower singing with a joy she hoped he'd retain after she delivered the news.
When nobody is around, the trees gossip about the people who have walked under them.
It was the scarcity that fueled his creativity.
Eating eggs on Thursday for choir practice was recommended.
Your girlfriend bought your favorite cookie crisp cereal but forgot to get milk.
He created a pig burger out of beef.
Garlic ice-cream was her favorite.
He drank life before spitting it out.
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.
It turns out you don't need all that stuff you insisted you did.
She hadn't had her cup of coffee, and that made things all the worse.
Happiness can be found in the depths of chocolate pudding.
Potato wedges probably are not best for relationships.
Separation anxiety is what happens when you can't find your phone.
The toy brought back fond memories of being lost in the rain forest.
The blue parrot drove by the hitchhiking mongoose.
Flying fish few by the space station.
She wondered what his eyes were saying beneath his mirrored sunglasses.
They're playing the piano while flying in the plane.
He found a leprechaun in his walnut shell.
Fluffy pink unicorns are a popular status symbol among macho men.
Be careful with that butter knife.
She wanted a pet platypus but ended up getting a duck and a ferret instead.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.